D3ASIM-3356: Add attributes and requirements arguments to  offer_energy and bid_ennergy commands (#153)
gridsingularity/d3a-api-client: README.md

    ```
- Send an energy offer with price in cents:
    ```python
    offer_energy(area_uuid, energy, price_cents, replace_existing, attributes, requirements)
    ```
- Send an energy offer with energy rate in cents/kWh:
    ```python
    offer_energy_rate(area_uuid, energy, rate_cents_per_kWh, replace_existing, attributes, requirements)
    ```
---

> ### Available attributes/requirements
> The offer/bid functions accept attributes (dict attributes of the offer or bid) | requirements (list of requirements dicts that at least 1 of them need to be satisfied in the matching process)
> Currently supported attributes:
> - Offers:
>     - `energy_type`: Energy type of the offer
> - Bids: No supported bids' attributes at the moment
> 
> Currently supported requirements:
> - Offers:
>     - `trading_partners`: preferable area ids to match with.
> - Bids:
>     - `energy_type`: Energy types that the bid prefers to consume.
>     - `trading_partners`: preferable area ids to match with.
>     - `energy`: Energy that the bid prefers to consume.
>     - `price`: Trade rate that the bid prefers to accept.
>     

Reviewer: Nit: I tried to rephrase this a bit:
```suggestion
### Attributes and requirements

A finer control over the issued bids and offers can be achieved through the `attributes` and `requirements` parameters of the bid and offer methods.

#### `attributes`

A dictionary of attributes that describe the offer or bid. Currently supported attributes:

- Offers:
    - `energy_type`: energy type of the offer

- Bids: Not supported at the moment

#### `requirements`

A list of dictionaries containing requirements for the offer or bid. At least one of the specified requirements needs to be satisfied in the matching process. Currently supported requirements:

- Offers:
    - `trading_partners`: IDs of the areas with which the offer has to be matched

- Bids:
    - `energy_type`: energy types that the bid prefers to consume
    - `trading_partners`: IDs of the areas with which the bid prefers to be matched
    - `energy`: energy that the bid prefers to consume
    - `price`: trade rate that the bid prefers to accept
```
Feel free to use it or discard it if you don't like it!

    ```
  
---
### Available attributes/requirements
The offer/bid functions accept attributes (dict attributes of the offer or bid) | requirements (list of requirements dicts that at least 1 of them need to be satisfied in the matching process)
Currently supported attributes:

> - Offers:
>     - energy_type str: Energy type of the offer
> - Bids: No supported bids' attributes at the moment
> 
> Currently supported requirements:
> - Offers:
>     - preferred_trading_partner List[str]: preferable area ids to match with.
> - Bids:
>     - energy_type List[str]: Energy types that the bid prefers to consume.
>     - preferred_trading_partner List[str]: preferable area ids to match with.

Reviewer: Looking at the rendered HTML version, I think that the syntax could be changed for clarity. I'd also remove the types since the `README.md` is not supposed to be an exhaustive source of documentation (I think). For example:
```suggestion
- Offers:
    - `energy_type`: Energy type of the offer
- Bids: No supported bids' attributes at the moment

Currently supported requirements:
- Offers:
    - `preferred_trading_partner`: preferable area ids to match with.
- Bids:
    - `energy_type`: Energy types that the bid prefers to consume.
    - `preferred_trading_partner`: preferable area ids to match with.
```
